l1tex__average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu                               Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage for LSU    
l1tex__average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom            Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage for global 
l1tex__average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld              Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage for global 
l1tex__average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red             Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage for global 
l1tex__average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st              Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage for global 
l1tex__average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld               Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage for local  
l1tex__average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st               Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage for local  
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu                                         Counter                         # of data bank conflicts generated by LSU pipe                        
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_cmd_read                                Counter                         # of data bank conflicts generated by LSU reads                       
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_cmd_write                               Counter                         # of data bank conflicts generated by LSU writes                      
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_global                              Counter                         # of data bank conflicts generated by global ops                      
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                      Counter                         # of data bank conflicts generated by global atomics                  
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                        Counter                         # of data bank conflicts generated by global loads                    
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                       Counter                         # of data bank conflicts generated by global reductions               
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                        Counter                         # of data bank conflicts generated by global stores                   
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared                              Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDS, LD, 3D       
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_atom                      Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by ATOMS, ATOM       
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ld                        Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDS, LD, 3D       
l1tex__data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_st                        Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by STS, ST, 3D       
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts                                             Counter                         # of local/global/shared + surface write wavefronts processed by      
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_cmd_read                                    Counter                         # of local/global/shared read wavefronts processed by Data-Stage      
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_cmd_write                                   Counter                         # of local/global/shared/surface write wavefronts processed by        
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_lg                                      Counter                         # of local/global wavefronts processed by Data-Stage                  
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_lg_cmd_read                             Counter                         # of local/global read wavefronts processed by Data-Stage             
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_lg_cmd_write                            Counter                         # of local/global write wavefronts processed by Data-Stage            
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared                                  Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDS, LD, 3D 
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_cmd_read                         Counter                         # of shared read wavefronts processed by Data-Stage                   
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_cmd_write                        Counter                         # of shared write wavefronts processed by Data-Stage                  
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_atom                          Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for ATOMS, ATOM 
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ipa                           Counter                         # of IPA wavefronts processed by Data-Stage                           
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ld                            Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDS, LD, 3D 
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_st                            Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for STS, ST, 3D 
l1tex__data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_surface                                 Counter                         # of surface write wavefronts processed by Data-Stage                 
l1tex__lsu_writeback_active                                                 Counter         cycle           # of cycles where local/global/shared writeback interface was active  
l1tex__lsu_writeback_active_mem_lg                                          Counter         cycle           # of cycles where local/global writeback interface was active         
l1tex__lsu_writeback_active_mem_shared                                      Counter         cycle           # of cycles where local/global/shared writeback interface was active  
l1tex__lsuin_requests                                                       Counter                         # of local/global/shared/attribute instructions sent to LSU           
l1tex__m_l1tex2xbar_throughput_pipe_lsu                                     Throughput      %               L1TEX M-Stage to XBAR throughput for LSU pipe                         
l1tex__m_l1tex2xbar_write_bytes_pipe_lsu                                    Counter         byte            # of bytes written to L2 for LSU pipe                                 
l1tex__m_l1tex2xbar_write_sectors_pipe_lsu                                  Counter         sector          # of sectors written to L2 for LSU pipe                               
l1tex__m_xbar2l1tex_read_bytes_pipe_lsu                                     Counter         byte            # of bytes read from L2 into L1TEX M-Stage for LSU pipe               
l1tex__m_xbar2l1tex_read_sectors_pipe_lsu                                   Counter         sector          # of sectors read from L2 into L1TEX M-Stage for LSU pipe             
l1tex__m_xbar2l1tex_throughput_pipe_lsu                                     Throughput      %               XBAR to L1TEX M-Stage throughput for LSU pipe                         
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu                                                     Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for LSU pipe local/global                        
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_lookup_hit                                          Counter         byte            # of bytes requested with tag-hit and data-hit for LSU pipe           
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_lookup_miss                                         Counter         byte            # of bytes requested that missed for LSU pipe local/global            
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                                  Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for global atomics                               
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom_lookup_hit                       Counter         byte            # of bytes requested with tag-hit and data-hit for global atomics     
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom_lookup_miss                      Counter         byte            # of bytes requested that missed for global atomics                   
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                                    Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for global loads                                 
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld_lookup_hit                         Counter         byte            # of bytes requested with tag-hit and data-hit for global loads       
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld_lookup_miss                        Counter         byte            # of bytes requested that missed for global loads                     
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                                   Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for global reductions                            
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red_lookup_hit                        Counter         byte            # of bytes requested with tag-hit and data-hit for global reductions  
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red_lookup_miss                       Counter         byte            # of bytes requested that missed for global reductions                
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                                    Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for global stores                                
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st_lookup_hit                         Counter         byte            # of bytes requested with tag-hit and data-hit for global stores      
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st_lookup_miss                        Counter         byte            # of bytes requested that missed for global stores                    
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                                     Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for local loads                                  
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld_lookup_hit                          Counter         byte            # of bytes requested with tag-hit and data-hit for local loads        
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld_lookup_miss                         Counter         byte            # of bytes requested that missed for local loads                      
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                                     Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for local stores                                 
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st_lookup_hit                          Counter         byte            # of bytes requested with tag-hit and data-hit for local stores       
l1tex__t_bytes_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st_lookup_miss                         Counter         byte            # of bytes requested that missed for local stores                     
l1tex__t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu                                         Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for LSU pipe          
l1tex__t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_global                              Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for global memory     
l1tex__t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                      Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for global atomics    
l1tex__t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                        Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for global loads      
l1tex__t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                       Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for global reductions 
l1tex__t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                        Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for global stores     
l1tex__t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_local                               Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for local memory      
l1tex__t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                         Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for local loads       
l1tex__t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                         Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for local stores      
l1tex__t_requests_pipe_lsu                                                  Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage from the LSU instruction pipeline       
l1tex__t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                               Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for global atomics                      
l1tex__t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                                 Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for global loads                        
l1tex__t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                                Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for global reductions                   
l1tex__t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                                 Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for global stores                       
l1tex__t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                                  Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for local loads                         
l1tex__t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                                  Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for local stores                        
l1tex__t_sector_pipe_lsu_hit_rate                                           Ratio                           # of sector hits for LSU pipe local/global per sector for LSU pipe    
l1tex__t_sector_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom_hit_rate                        Ratio                           # of sector hits for global atomics per sector for global atomics     
l1tex__t_sector_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld_hit_rate                          Ratio                           # of sector hits for global loads per sector for global loads         
l1tex__t_sector_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red_hit_rate                         Ratio                           # of sector hits for global reductions per sector for global          
l1tex__t_sector_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st_hit_rate                          Ratio                           # of sector hits for global stores per sector for global stores       
l1tex__t_sector_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld_hit_rate                           Ratio                           # of sector hits for local loads per sector for local loads           
l1tex__t_sector_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st_hit_rate                           Ratio                           # of sector hits for local stores per sector for local stores         
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu                                                   Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for LSU pipe local/global                      
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_lookup_hit                                        Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage with tag-hit and data-hit for LSU     
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_lookup_miss                                       Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage that missed for LSU pipe local/global 
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                                Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global atomics                             
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom_lookup_hit                     Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage with tag-hit and data-hit for global  
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom_lookup_miss                    Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage that missed for global atomics        
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                                  Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global loads                               
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld_lookup_hit                       Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage with tag-hit and data-hit for global  
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld_lookup_miss                      Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage that missed for global loads          
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                                 Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global reductions                          
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red_lookup_hit                      Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage with tag-hit and data-hit for global  
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red_lookup_miss                     Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage that missed for global reductions     
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                                  Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global stores                              
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st_lookup_hit                       Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage with tag-hit and data-hit for global  
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st_lookup_miss                      Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage that missed for global stores         
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                                   Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for local loads                                
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld_lookup_hit                        Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage with tag-hit and data-hit for local   
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld_lookup_miss                       Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage that missed for local loads           
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                                   Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for local stores                               
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st_lookup_hit                        Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage with tag-hit and data-hit for local   
l1tex__t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st_lookup_miss                       Counter         sector          # of sector requests to T-Stage that missed for local stores          
l1tex__t_set_accesses_pipe_lsu                                              Counter                         # of cache set accesses for LSU pipe local/global                     
l1tex__t_set_accesses_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                           Counter                         # of cache set accesses for global atomics                            
l1tex__t_set_accesses_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                             Counter                         # of cache set accesses for global loads                              
l1tex__t_set_accesses_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                            Counter                         # of cache set accesses for global reductions                         
l1tex__t_set_accesses_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                             Counter                         # of cache set accesses for global stores                             
l1tex__t_set_accesses_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                              Counter                         # of cache set accesses for local loads                               
l1tex__t_set_accesses_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                              Counter                         # of cache set accesses for local stores                              
l1tex__t_set_conflicts_pipe_lsu                                             Counter         cycle           # of extra cycles spent on set conflicts for LSU pipe local/global    
l1tex__t_set_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                          Counter         cycle           # of extra cycles spent on set conflicts for global atomics           
l1tex__t_set_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                            Counter         cycle           # of extra cycles spent on set conflicts for global loads             
l1tex__t_set_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                           Counter         cycle           # of extra cycles spent on set conflicts for global reductions        
l1tex__t_set_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                            Counter         cycle           # of extra cycles spent on set conflicts for global stores            
l1tex__t_set_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                             Counter         cycle           # of extra cycles spent on set conflicts for local loads              
l1tex__t_set_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                             Counter         cycle           # of extra cycles spent on set conflicts for local stores             
lts__t_bytes_equiv_l1sectormiss_pipe_lsu                                    Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for LSU pipe local/global                        
lts__t_bytes_equiv_l1sectormiss_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                 Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for global atomics                               
lts__t_bytes_equiv_l1sectormiss_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                   Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for global loads                                 
lts__t_bytes_equiv_l1sectormiss_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                  Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for global reductions                            
lts__t_bytes_equiv_l1sectormiss_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                   Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for global stores                                
lts__t_bytes_equiv_l1sectormiss_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                    Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for local loads                                  
lts__t_bytes_equiv_l1sectormiss_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                    Counter         byte            # of bytes requested for local stores                                 
lts__t_sectors_equiv_l1tagmiss_pipe_lsu                                     Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for LSU pipe local/global                      
lts__t_sectors_equiv_l1tagmiss_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                  Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global atomics                             
lts__t_sectors_equiv_l1tagmiss_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                    Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global loads                               
lts__t_sectors_equiv_l1tagmiss_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                   Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global reductions                          
lts__t_sectors_equiv_l1tagmiss_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                    Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global stores                              
lts__t_sectors_equiv_l1tagmiss_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                     Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for local loads                                
lts__t_sectors_equiv_l1tagmiss_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                     Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for local stores                               
sm__inst_executed_pipe_lsu                                                  Counter         inst            # of warp instructions executed by lsu pipe                           
sm__mio_pq_read_cycles_active_pipe_lsu                                      Counter         cycle           # of cycles where MIOP PQ sent register operands to the lsu pipe      
sm__mio_pq_read_cycles_active_pipe_lsu_op_pixout                            Counter         cycle           # of cycles where MIOP PQ sent register operands to pixout            
sm__mio_pq_write_cycles_active_pipe_lsu                                     Counter         cycle           # of cycles where register operands from the register file were       
                                                                                                            written to MIO PQ, for the lsu pipe                                   
sm__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts              Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDGSTS            
sm__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_access Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDGSTS.ACCESS     
sm__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_bypass Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDGSTS.BYPASS     
sm__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldsm                Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDSM              
sm__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_st                  Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by STS, ST           
sm__sass_l1tex_data_bank_writes_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_access    Counter                         # of LDGSTS.ACCESS shared data bank writes                            
sm__sass_l1tex_data_bytes_write_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_access    Counter         byte            # of LDGSTS.ACCESS shared data bytes write                            
sm__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_atom                    Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for ATOMS, ATOM 
sm__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ld                      Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDS, LD     
sm__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ldgsts                  Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDGSTS      
sm__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_access     Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for             
sm__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_bypass     Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for             
sm__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ldsm                    Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDSM        
sm__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_st                      Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for STS, ST     
sm__sass_l1tex_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared                                 Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDS, LD,    
sm__sass_l1tex_t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_access Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for LDGSTS.ACCESS     
sm__sass_l1tex_t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts                       Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for LDGSTS                              
sm__sass_l1tex_t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_access          Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for LDGSTS.ACCESS                       
sm__sass_l1tex_t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_bypass          Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for LDGSTS.BYPASS                       
sm__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                          Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global atom                                
sm__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                            Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global loads                               
sm__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts                        Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for LDGSTS                                     
sm__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_access           Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for LDGSTS.ACCESS                              
sm__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_bypass           Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for LDGSTS.BYPASS                              
sm__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                           Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global reductions                          
sm__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                            Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global stores                              
sm__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                             Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for local loads                                
sm__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                             Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for local stores                               
sm__thread_inst_executed_pipe_lsu_pred_on                                     Counter         inst            # of thread instructions executed by lsu where guard predicate was    
smsp__average_inst_executed_pipe_lsu_per_warp                                 Ratio           inst/warp       average # of instructions executed by pipe lsu per warp               
smsp__inst_executed_pipe_lsu                                                  Counter         inst            # of warp instructions executed by lsu pipe                           
smsp__l1tex_lsuin_requests                                                    Counter                         # of local/global/shared/attribute/S2R/SHFL instructions sent to LSU  
smsp__mio2rf_writeback_active_pipe_lsu                                        Counter         cycle           # of cycles where the MIO to register file writeback interface was    
smsp__sass_l1tex_average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts              Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage by LDGSTS  
smsp__sass_l1tex_average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_access Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage by         
smsp__sass_l1tex_average_t_sectors_per_request_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_bypass Ratio           sector/1        average # of sectors requested per request sent to T stage by         
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts                        Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDGSTS            
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_access           Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDGSTS.ACCESS     
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_bypass           Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDGSTS.BYPASS     
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldsm                          Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by LDSM              
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_bank_conflicts_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_st                            Counter                         # of shared memory data bank conflicts generated by STS, ST           
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_bank_writes_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_access              Counter                         # of LDGSTS.ACCESS shared data bank writes                            
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_bytes_write_pipe_lsu_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_access              Counter         byte            # of LDGSTS.ACCESS shared data bytes write                            
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_atom                              Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for ATOMS, ATOM 
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ld                                Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDS, LD     
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ldgsts                            Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDGSTS      
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_access               Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for             
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ldgsts_cache_bypass               Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for             
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_ldsm                              Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDSM        
smsp__sass_l1tex_data_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared_op_st                                Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for STS, ST     
smsp__sass_l1tex_pipe_lsu_wavefronts_mem_shared                                           Counter                         # of shared memory wavefronts processed by Data-Stage for LDS, LD,    
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_output_wavefronts_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_access           Counter                         # of wavefronts sent to Data-Stage from T-Stage for LDGSTS.ACCESS     
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts                                 Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for LDGSTS                              
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_access                    Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for LDGSTS.ACCESS                       
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_requests_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_bypass                    Counter                         # of requests sent to T-Stage for LDGSTS.BYPASS                       
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_atom                                    Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global atom                                
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ld                                      Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global loads                               
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts                                  Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for LDGSTS                                     
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_access                     Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for LDGSTS.ACCESS                              
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_ldgsts_cache_bypass                     Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for LDGSTS.BYPASS                              
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_red                                     Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global reductions                          
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_global_op_st                                      Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for global stores                              
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_ld                                       Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for local loads                                
smsp__sass_l1tex_t_sectors_pipe_lsu_mem_local_op_st                                       Counter         sector          # of sectors requested for local stores                               
smsp__thread_inst_executed_pipe_lsu_pred_on                                 Counter         inst            # of thread instructions executed by lsu where guard predicate was    
